this is better than my imagination this
is true
this is gonna be great good morning
Andrew notice anything different
you changed the part in your hair no
Andrew I'm not working what's wrong well
there I was trying out a new formula to
generate the reproduction of hair
follicles how did it go not bad but I
could only get it to work on cantaloupe
is there much call for that not that I'm
aware of anyway I realized I was just
working for the sake of working so I
decided to give my brain a rest does
this affect your pension you know Andrew
sometimes we keep moving just to avoid
hearing our own inner voices so
basically you're in a slump no I am NOT
in a slump I chose to take this breather
that means you're free to go to the
silver snail comic store with me yes
also means I'm free not to go sure
pass up a chance to see Captain Noble in
person who's captain Noble are you
kidding Captain Noble is a greatest
superhero of all time
Fred Cooper's been captain noble for 40
years on television and in movies of
course where have I been
and here resting your brain so uh what's
so special about this superhero if you
can find a more meaningful document than
the captain noble code I'll give you
five bucks
one fighting for the good of the world
is our ultimate purpose two
loyalty and honesty is our Creed three
if an enemy makes a mistake use it to
your advantage if a friend makes a
mistake forgive and for always clean up
your room and make your bed
captain Noble I think here the second
kind of man on earth who's the first
wait dad well good I'm very flattered do
you always know you wanted to play a
book pretty much I always wanted to make
the world a safe place sort of like a
big sandbox little girls like you to
play in and never worry there are so
many questions I want to ask him I hope
I remember them all well you should have
middle list now you tell me what was
your favorite adventure where did the
cosmic crystal ring come from
hey this is one of the early issues we
go back a long time what was your
favorite adventure what is it cosmic
crystal ring really come from your the
absolute greatest who was your meanest
villain principled tone iam Atlantis
thank you back to Prince I I had three
of them who you Andrew Clemons tell you
what Andrew you probably know about the
big captain noble stunt we're having on
Saturday well we're going to have him
practice tomorrow
I'd like to come out yes well only if
you're free of course I mean I mean
you're not busy are you sure now and
then he said prints of plutonium
Atlantis thank you the Hector twins and
did that mean something everything
captain
mom he's just as neat in person as he is
in comics can't you read any faster
I probably could but you wouldn't want
to see it and he personally asked me to
watch him practice his fun tomorrow oh
that's very good thing you guys want to
come that's okay when do you take
someone your own age
okay I'll see if dr. J can make it
I hope you're not in the middle of Wow
what's that it's a dust rag and then
dust spray and what are you really doing
with them
dusting oh not out of the slump yet huh
no but I I'm convinced that this break
from everyday scientific labors will
cleanse my mind freeing it to come up
with brilliantly conceived innovations
you got anything yet well well
yes the permanent match you could use it
over and over again because the diodes
attached to its tip could detect and
extract sulfur from the ionosphere
what's wrong with that the ionosphere is
30 miles up would have to be a very long
match maybe your brain needs more
resting unless it's already retired you
need to get your mind off inventing for
a while come with me and see captain
Noble do one of his stunts it'll be a
significant moment in history
sorry the t-shirt I'll be okay wait a
bounce-back farias hi captain no ball he
waved at me
no he didn't he waved at me are you
kidding you're not even wearing his
t-shirt so how do you like it so far
is there more aren't you glad you came
it's not bad you know I think it's okay
to relax a little once in a while I mean
even da Vinci had some downtime oh yeah
but he was da Vinci oh fat
he's starting he's starting he's
starting thank you thank you thank you
this is a recreation at the mobile
spectacular rescue from the forces of
Doom and Terry towelling city
a little faith
just outstanding
you couldn't export are you okay dr. Dre
I've been better
I'm gonna go tell Fred how great he was
I join you but I I walk better when I
can breathe
Britney hub that was fabulous you're the
best I've ever
I got it
hey what's the matter captain noble
isn't captain Noble well of course not
he's Fred Cooper there's another guy
back there he did the stunt
hey it's my biggest fan not anymore
you're not captain noble who's that guy
back there
you weren't supposed to see that I'm
sorry how could you do that I believed
you were captain Noble I had them
captain noble for 40 years I did all the
stunts I did everything but now that I'm
getting older the stunts are getting too
tough and each year I lose two inches
off of that jump you'll look older
you're mistaking me for the man in the
comics and I can't let my audience down
captain noble has to remain young and
strong and healthy no matter what
happens to me nothing's going to happen
to you I'm sorry I I disappointed you
let me make it up here I believed in you
if the enemy makes a mistake use it to
your advantage if a friend makes a
mistake forgive him captain noble issue
number 47 right now I'd like to take my
most loyal fan and his friend out to
dinner what do you say I've got a better
idea why don't you come to my house I've
been telling my family about you for
years and now they can meet you in
person I haven't had a home-cooked
dinner in ages your mom say about
bringing home a stranger stranger she's
been picking up your comic books off my
floor for years give me a few minutes to
change
you know Aaron you don't have to
barbecue thank you but I'm not going to
let an act of nature spoil my fun hi
Aaron oh hey I have the same apron
Benjamin I'm so glad you could come
Stephanie for you didn't have to bring
me I know I didn't have to I want to do
me for years to protect what about the
other year I was waiting to be invited
over I guarantee you haven't got one
like it lovely it's a real housewarming
present
it's a miniature thermal converter which
warms an extremely large area around it
with semiconductor micro circuits so if
your power should ever break down you
can use this device to heat your entire
home I've already got one Oh Benjamin it
was very thoughtful of you
how do you like your hamburgers rare
medium or wet okay this was a toughy
1947 I shall teach you to fly so that
you will learn the beauty of the heavens
Oh son of a prominent scientist Davy
Nielsen alias air boy right off okay in
times of stress he finds himself
transformed into a 7-foot tall thousand
pounds of unfettered fury me when I eat
radishes the Incredible Hulk right again
very first issue of Thor
three hundred and twelve issues ago you
notice his hair is exactly the same
length
damn if I'm not mistaken his boots got
higher you caught that too yeah
I guess we should head down now it's
really nice being here wait till you
taste the corn Oh tell them about the
time you saved your best friend who was
unjustly accused of murder there goes
the mood you know the Alcatraz break-in
oh you don't want to hear about that oh
sure they do remember your best friend
was sentenced to solitary confinement in
Alcatraz waiting there to kill him
we're a group of cutthroat assassins
hired by the real murderer let captain
noble tell the story
well time was running out and I had to
swim underwater to Alcatraz to break
through this sophisticated electrically
wired enclosures now once inside I had
to work my way back through the
subterranean rocks and when I saw the
size of the opening I realized that it
was too small for me to fit through so
help of my cosmic crystal ring I carved
an extra two feet
Bharath and plowed my way up through the
top only to be face to face with the
assassins now suddenly the prison guard
showed up and a shootout began between
them and the assassin no no don't you
remember your friend was in the yard and
the assassins were about to mow him down
when you blasted through the rock and
everyone scattered all over the place it
wasn't that way at all don't you think I
remember the look on the faces of the
assassins as I came up through the water
no way it was in the yard
how could you remembered you were
dodging bullets at the time Andrew he's
got a point
here take it your first issue of Thor I
know I can't it's too valuable no that's
okay I've already read it well then you
better keep it here for me that way I
know it'll be safe
thanks for inviting me I had a good time
great corn my dinner with captain Noble
I'll never forget it
you know I bet you could still do those
stunts I'm just an actor you know
showmanship let's make believe I'm
getting too old for that stuff
but you still look great well thank you
that guy's not captain Noble you are I'm
sure if you just write you coming to the
stunt tomorrow oh absolutely
I'll pick you and dr. Jeff coat up and
no great
he's a good friend to you isn't he oh
the best you mind if I ask what happened
your father he died I'm sorry
maybe it was after you board through the
underwater rocks that you ran into the
bad guys it might have been in the yard
do it's a long time ago ah the important
thing is that you got your friend out
uh I could move no you're fine
how can you shoot garbage into space
won't make a mess I haven't worked out
all the details but this is my next
project you know I'm glad I gave my
brain a rest because I've really come up
with something worthwhile here the earth
is running out of places to put its
garbage and you want to shoot it into
space I don't particularly want to but
maybe the only way to stop killing
ourselves sure we'll just trash the
Milky Way there are all kinds of ways
around that we could build a special
planet just for garbage but what would
you do for fun they're French here well
right on time captain Noble is never
late
how you feeling great so you're going to
do the stunt no Andrew I'm not doing it
what last night you said you could oh
that's what you said but you can do what
if you want have you been following the
gypsy moth migration the number of trees
there's no way you couldn't if you
believe in yourself the way I do
I appreciate your vote of confidence
but I'm not doing the stunt
it would really be dangerous to be on
top of that bridge wouldn't it it sure
would someone should tell that kid
careful
you all right young fella yeah
I can't believe you did that
thanks again well I'll see you back in
the car
that was great there should have been
millions of people to see you it doesn't
matter I know I did it my biggest fan
saw it too
you are the greatest superhero ever you
know Andrew captain Nova was given this
cosmic crystal ring so it helped people
somebody believes in him that's what
makes you into a hero
know what you have it
a day
thanks for believing in me
so this kid was hanging by one hand from
the railing I did two hands okay two
hands Oh then one hand then what
happened Fred raced along the opening
drawbridge
as he began to tilt up toward the sky
would the courage and daring he
displayed in the five minutes to doom
episode Captain Noble almost reached a
kid but he couldn't hold on any longer
captain noble couldn't hold on any
longer no he was almost at the kid that
he was Fred and then he fell in the
water that he was the kid at least a
hundred and fifty feet and then Fred
without a thought for his own safety
leaping after him and then he plunged in
the icy cold water fought the ferocious
crunch and got the kid in no time and if
that wasn't enough he gave me his cosmic
crystal ring now honey as much as I know
you want them I don't think this ring is
going to bring you superpowers
you